# PasswordRecommenderSystem
## Intro
Multi level authentication. Passwords have been a major concern for everyone. The internet has seen massive growth especially in covid era in e-commerce area making it vulnerable to attacks (and create plethora of accounts on various websites), so everybody needs a strong, reliable, and memorable password now and then. But in order to make it more and more memorable people end up making it easy to guess and vulnerable to cyber-attacks. There are many types of cyber-attacks to crack the passwords like a brute-force, dictionary attack, man in the middle and many more. So, the strength of the password becomes a concerning issue. Password strength is commonly understood as a way to measure how difficult it is to break passwords. A common way to enforce the policy is the real-time checking of the password strength during the password selection process by the users. This good practice was already promoted by researchers in the field of password security in the early 1990’s.
Although there are many websites available to create or generate a strong password for the users that cannot be cracked easily by the attackers, but it lacks to provide a password that a user can easily use and remember. There has been much research in password generation and password strength estimation and there are various ways used in order to check the strength of a password. The strength of the password is generally estimated by simulating an attack on the password and how the password will stand that attack.
## Output
Each point on curve(Figure 2 and 202) represent a password, there are 20 such points (some are overlapping due to exact same values).
X-axis: α-probability of agreement score, i.e. how many users agree with program generated easy password,
Y-axis: H(α)-Entropy of probability
Formulae:
α=n(count of users which agree with program)/25(total number of ratings per password) 

H(α)= -α *log_2⁡α- (1 - α)*log_2⁡〖(1 - α)〗


Figure 1 shows how many easy passwords generated by program coincide with user marked easy passwords where,
nu (user) = 25
np (program) = 20
n (user ∩ program) = 17
where, n stands for count.



Fig. 4.4: Hard passwords venn-diagram
Figure 101 shows how many hard passwords generated by program coincide with user marked hard passwords where,
nu (user) = 13
np (program) = 20
n (user ∩ program) = 10
where, n stands for count.

Results and Interpretation:
The results obtained from the analysis of the survey data and the Venn diagrams provided insights into the participants' perception of password difficulty compared to the machine model's classification. The overlapping area in the Venn diagrams represented the passwords where both the participants and the machine model agreed on the difficulty level. The non-overlapping areas indicated passwords where there were discrepancies in the classifications.
